the boring old star light switches were
pretty simple two choices on or off but
clipsal has made them smarter and clips
or smart switches aren't connected to
the old 240 volt cable they're on an
intelligent network called c-bus that
lets the switches talk to each other as
well as other appliances like lights
pool pumps entertainment equipment air
conditioners and more clips or smart
switches can be programmed to work with
sensors as well for instance electrical
products can turn themselves on when the
sun goes down or your sprinkler system
can stay off if it's been raining clips
or smart switch is a so clever you can
even control them from the internet or
your mobile phone so while you're on
your way home you can turn on the air
conditioning and then welcomed into your
home by your favorite CD playing or if
friends get to your place before you do
you can open the door and let them in
you can even program your smart switches
to create scenes activated at the touch
of a single button for instance your
welcome home scene might illuminate the
driveway and entrances and turn on the
air conditioning and you're away Singh
can give the impression you are home
when you're actually away turning lights
and the TV on and off opening and
closing curtains and playing music too
for burglars leaning clip CIL's huge
range of colors and styles are the touch
screens and these three outstanding
Smart Switch is exclusive to Crips or C
bus system the clipsal touch screen is a
convenient and easy to use way to
control your home and it's appliances
neo has a unique modern styling created
by top designers and architects this
stylish and functional switch is
infrared compatible Neos buttons face
plates and surrounds can all be mixed
and matched to create a huge number of
decor options reflection is unique among
metal plate switches as it has no
unsightly screws for clean flat design
with blue LEDs is both stylish and
discreet and reflects the simple modern
architectural designs of todays homes
there's no switch more beautiful or
intelligent than clips or Saturn's
which the pure glass fascia and
distinctive circular backlit buns make
this a truly elegant and functional
switch ideal for those who wish to
surround themselves with elegance